c:\users\gabriel petrovick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\angularjs\angularjs\bin\angularjs.dll.config
c:\users\gabriel petrovick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\angularjs\angularjs\bin\angularjs.dll
c:\users\gabriel petrovick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\angularjs\angularjs\bin\angularjs.pdb
c:\users\gabriel petrovick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\angularjs\angularjs\bin\angularjs.Business.dll
c:\users\gabriel petrovick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\angularjs\angularjs\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\gabriel petrovick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\angularjs\angularjs\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\gabriel petrovick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\angularjs\angularjs\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\gabriel petrovick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\angularjs\angularjs\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\gabriel petrovick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\angularjs\angularjs\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\gabriel petrovick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\angularjs\angularjs\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\gabriel petrovick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\angularjs\angularjs\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\gabriel petrovick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\angularjs\angularjs\bin\angularjs.Business.pdb
c:\users\gabriel petrovick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\angularjs\angularjs\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\gabriel petrovick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\angularjs\angularjs\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\gabriel petrovick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\angularjs\angularjs\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\gabriel petrovick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\angularjs\angularjs\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\gabriel petrovick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\angularjs\angularjs\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\gabriel petrovick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\angularjs\angularjs\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\gabriel petrovick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\angularjs\angularjs\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\gabriel petrovick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\angularjs\angularjs\obj\Debug\angularjs.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\gabriel petrovick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\angularjs\angularjs\obj\Debug\angularjs.dll
c:\users\gabriel petrovick\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\angularjs\angularjs\obj\Debug\angularjs.pdb
